annot: In a bowl combine flour, sugar,  baking powder, and salt
ACTID: 0
PRED: combine
[DOBJ, food] flour (-1), sugar (-1), baking powder (-1), and salt (-1)
[PP, location, in] a bowl (-1)
annot: stir togther
ACTID: 1
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (0)
annot: Whisk the egg
ACTID: 2
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] the egg (-1)
annot: Add melted butter and milk to the egg
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] melted butter (-1), milk (-1)
[PP, food, to] the egg (2)
annot: stir together
ACTID: 4
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (3)
annot: poor the wet mix into the center of the dry ingredients
ACTID: 5
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the wet mix (4)
[PP, food, into] the center of the dry ingredients (1)
annot: and stir gently
ACTID: 6
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (5)
annot: Spray the pan with non-stick cook spray
ACTID: 7
PRED: spray
[DOBJ, location] the pan (-1)
[PP, food, with] non-stick cook spray (-1)
annot: Pour batter onto the pan
ACTID: 8
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] batter (6)
[PP, food, onto] the pan (7)
annot: Cook until the pancake bubbles
ACTID: 9
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (8)
[PP, other, until] the pancake bubbles (-1)
annot: and flip over
ACTID: 10
PRED: flip
[DOBJ, food] (9)
[PP, other, ] over (-1)
annot: Cook the other side until slightly browned
ACTID: 11
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the other side (10)
annot: and lay out on a plate
ACTID: 12
PRED: lay
[DOBJ, food] (11)
[PP, location, on] a plate (-1)